[♪ opening theme song playing]
Domain Expansion.
Deadly Sentencing.
[YUJI] A domain?
Before he can activate
his technique,
I have to beat him.
[panting]
[straining]
Sorry, but all acts of violence
are indefinitely prohibited
in this space.
- For both of us.
- Both of us?
[gasps]
However, harmful remarks
are the exception.
Judgeman,
please begin.
[♪ tense music playing]
The defendant Yuji Itadori
stands accused of committing
the following crime.
On July 16th, 2017,
the defendant entered
Maji Vegas pachinko parlor,
Sendai City, Miyagi Prefecture,
despite being under
the legal age of 18 at the time.
Huh?
Oh!
[stammering]
Within this domain,
Judgeman knows
all who've entered
and everything they've done.
But don't worry yourself
too much.
That information
has never been shared with me.
The verdict will be decided
solely by the arguments
we present today.
With the exception
of this evidence.
Huh?
Where'd you get that from?!
This is the evidence
Judgeman provided
and submitted for this case.
There is no guarantee
that this will confirm
the charges alleged
against you today.
Nevertheless,
it will remain a secret to you.
Knowing that, you must
now present your argument.
Your goal is to clear suspicion
and win an innocent verdict
from Judgeman.
[YUJI] A court trial technique?
That badge.
So he really
was a defense lawyer.
But isn't he acting
like a prosecutor here?
Higuruma is a modern sorcerer.
This domain is like
what Tengen talked about.
Domains used to be a much more
standard skill set for sorcerers
to use against their enemies
in the past.
That's because they lacked
the guaranteed "kill element"
that applies to today's attacks.
Modern domains have become
guaranteed to be deadlier.
The guarantee was
that users' techniques would,
without question, hit
their target within the domain.
That used to be
the commonplace function
of domains in the past.
By focusing too hard
on the "guaranteed kill" aspect,
sorcerers raised the bar
on requirements
for constructing a domain,
making it
a more advanced skill,
with fewer practitioners
every day.
[YUJI] That means
this domain is founded on pacts.
It prevents lethal use,
prohibits physical harm and...
it requires some explanation
of its rules.
[HIGURUMA] You get one chance
to make a statement.
The same goes for me.
After your statement,
I will get to make my rebuttal
using this evidence.
And then, Judgeman will
announce his verdict
in accordance
with the Six Codes.
[YUJI] What happens
if I'm found guilty?
Unfortunately,
I am under no obligation
to answer that question.
But I will
at least tell you this.
After all, you have rights.
If guilty,
you have three options.
Silence, confession, or denial.
Your denial may
include false statements.
You mean I can lie?
In a court of law?
If everyone told the truth
in court,
there would be no need
for trials.
Now, make your argument.
Judgeman is not very patient.
[YUJI] I did go
to that pachinko parlor.
And I totally played some games.
Think I even won some.
I can't avoid lying if I still
wanna claim my innocence.
So naturally,
what I need to consider is
what could be
in that evidence.
[HIGURUMA] There is no guarantee
that this will confirm
the charges alleged
against you today.
[YUJI] One, if that evidence
doesn't prove I entered
the pachinko parlor,
I just need to deny it
or remain silent.
No!
Two, if the evidence only
proves I entered the parlor,
can I say it was
for another reason?
I just went in
to use their bathroom.
But if the evidence
turns out to be a bust,
then I might be
digging my own grave
by admitting I definitely
entered the parlor.
Three, if the evidence proves
I not only entered the parlor
but also played the games,
I'm basically screwed.
I regret it!
But what if confessing
lightens my sentence?
Wait, does this court even
offer lighter punishments?
I confess.
The fact is I entered
the pachinko parlor,
but it was only
because I needed to poop.
And I had to use
their bathroom.
[HIGURUMA] Is that so?
[YUJI]
I'm going with option two.
I don't know
if this court accepts
extenuating circumstances,
but this excuse
is the most relatable.
Let's hope.
[HIGURUMA] Now, it's my turn.
Let's take a look
at the evidence.
This is security camera footage,
from the antique shop
near Maji Vegas.
Huh?
The store has an ATM
which captured this image
on the day in question.
Uh...
Note how striking
the resemblance.
Both face and build are
a perfect match to Yuji Itadori.
Uh... [chuckles]
[HIGURUMA] And since he just
admitted to entering the parlor,
this photo makes it clear
that his excuse
about needing the bathroom
isn't worth a roll
of toilet paper.
One can thus reason
that despite being underage,
Itadori entered the parlor
with the intent
to play pachinko.
So then you're saying
that's a crime?
The parlor had
clear posted signs
explicitly prohibiting minors
from entering the premises.
You are charged
with criminal trespassing.
Article 130 of the Penal Code,
the "Businesses affecting
Public Morals Regulation Act."
But it doesn't punish minors.
No fair. You set me up.
There was no way
for me to talk my way out of it.
Should I have gone
with option three?
What are you talking about?
Japan prohibits gambling,
so parlors and ATMs
are separate legal entities.
Sometimes multiple parlors
even share ATMs.
You were only on trial
for entering into Maji Vegas.
All you needed to say was,
"I'm sorry, but I don't
recognize that parlor."
And that way,
you can deny the charge
without lying to me.
Wait, we haven't heard
the verdict yet.
[gavel banging]
Guilty.
Confiscation.
[YUJI] We're back
where we started?
Now I've been declared guilty.
I don't feel any different.
- [gavel whirring]
- [gasps]
[♪ rock music playing]
His gavel!
What a weapon.
Not only can he make it appear
and disappear at will,
he can alter its size too?
Wait, something's wrong.
You're pretty tough.
At least I still have that.
Because I can't control
my cursed energy!
[gavel banging]
[NARRATOR]
Law apprenticeship period 59.
Iwate Bar Association's
Hiromi Higuruma.
Age 36.
He easily cleared all obstacles,
like the entry exam
to Tokyo University's
School of Law,
and the old bar exam
that preceded the institution
of the law school system.
To Higuruma,
it was all a matter of simply
inputting and outputting
the necessary knowledge
that was needed
for each individual task
in front of him.
[NARRATOR] His peers whispered
in the hallways behind his back
that he was a genius
of some kind.
And yet,
the gem that shone brightest
from his unlimited potential
was his overwhelming talent
as a jujutsu sorcerer.
[Yuji grunting]
His technique came
with his domain by default.
But through analyzing
his domain,
he also learned the fundamentals
of how barriers work.
- [crashes]
- [Yuji grunts]
[NARRATOR] Then, working
backwards from barriers,
he intuitively gathered how
to manipulate cursed energy
for physical enhancement.
And within 12 days
of awakening as a sorcerer,
his powers had grown
to match those of a Grade One.
Before entering the colony,
Higuruma exorcised
many cursed spirits.
And he struck down
over 20 players
who had the misfortune
of attacking him first.
[panting]
You lost the ability
to control cursed energy?
[YUJI] Didn't you
take it from me?
[HIGURUMA]
The penalty of Confiscation
makes it temporarily impossible
to use one's curse technique.
So I'm guessing you've
never had a cursed technique
to begin with?
That must be why the penalty
switched to blocking
the use of cursed energy.
Coincidentally,
Confiscation is generally
a supplementary sentence
never imposed on its own.
It's terrifying to think
about how good he is.
How can he hold
his own against me
without cursed energy?
He's using his natural
physical prowess,
not his might as a sorcerer.
He must have incredibly high
physical durability.
When sorcerers lose the use
of their technique,
they often struggle with basic
cursed energy control.
Their instincts probably dull
over the many long years.
But the complete inability
to use cursed energy
is even more disadvantageous.
Yet he can still fight this well
under these circumstances.
My first strike would have
usually settled the battle
against most foes.
If I'm not careful,
he'll trip me up.
I'll crush him
with my full might.
[gasps]
[creaking]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[HIGURUMA] You're incredible!
It's like I'm fighting some kind
of unbreakable doll.
[YUJI] Shit, shit, shit, shit!
How long will this last?
I need my cursed energy.
Come back to me!
He's got such a strong ability.
There must be
something I could do.
Something that puts Higuruma
at a disadvantage.
Think.
Think, think!
A technique for court trials.
Trials.
[gasps] Higuruma!
I want a retrial!
[panting]
You figured it out.
[panting] That...
That was... That was close.
I... I get
a second trial, right?
[NARRATOR] As long as
the targeted defendant
never actually
admitted their guilt,
even after having previously
been found guilty
and subjected
to penalty by Judgeman,
they are entitled
to demand up to two retrials.
Judgeman is incapable
of refusing such a request.
I demand a do-over!
The court calls Yuji Itadori.
You stand accused
of mass murder in Shibuya
on the night of Halloween,
October 31st, 2018.
Yeah.
I killed all of them.
I'm not going to deny it.
Guilty!
Confiscation!
Death penalty!
[YOSHIZAWA] Higuruma.
[♪ gentle music playing]
[HIGURUMA] Yoshizawa.
I've already submitted
the proposal,
if that's what
you're here about.
No, I'm not here about that.
I took a look at the documents.
They're wonderful.
Good enough as-is for the judge
to use in his sentencing.
You wanted to be either
a public prosecutor
or defense lawyer,
is that right?
Yes.
Consider something else.
How would you feel
about becoming a judge instead?
[NARRATOR] The heaviest sentence
Judgeman can impose
on the guilty
is Confiscation accompanied
by the death penalty.
Confiscation
makes it impossible
for the guilty party
to use their technique,
or in Itadori's case,
control his cursed energy.
As prosecutor,
Higuruma is granted
the Executioner's Sword.
Anyone cut
by the Executioner's Sword
will without exception,
meet their untimely death.
[HIGURUMA] Being empathetic
to another person's feelings
means understanding
their weakness.
The weakness of victims.
The weakness of criminals.
Day after day after day.
I was so fed up with everything.
"So ugly."
That's what I started to think
every time I tried to help
someone who needed a break.
Just like you, Itadori!
All people are weak and ugly!
No matter how much you long
for them to have noble souls!
There's nothing for you
down that path!
The darkness before you
is just that!
Even if you shine a light on it,
you'll just find
blinding nothingness!
[Yuji grunts]
I'm sorry.
I don't want to become a judge.
[grunts, inhales]
[YOSHIZAWA] I see.
May I ask why you feel this way?
[HIGURUMA]
All people are weak and ugly.
I'm not interested
in promotions,
so I'm not cut out for it.
However,
at the time,
at least up until that moment,
I believed
that the very depravity
which no other creatures
possessed
was meant to be cherished!
Why?
Yuji Itadori!
Why did you admit your guilt?
[NARRATOR] The evidence
that Judgeman submits
is shared with the sorcerer
before it is revealed
to the defendant during
the course of the trial.
[HIGURUMA] The evidence
Judgeman provided
was about the demon
harbored inside you.
Sukuna!
You didn't kill them!
So why? Why?
[grunts]
[strains]
[gasps]
[groans]
[Yuji grunts]
[Higuruma groaning]
Uh, hey.
Penal Code,
Article 39, Clause One.
Being deprived
of either sound judgment
or control of one's actions
qualifies as non compos mentis.
That night in Shibuya,
Sukuna took control
of your body, didn't he?
How do you know about Sukuna?
In other words,
you lacked control
of your actions.
You didn't voluntarily
surrender control either.
And so,
you're innocent.
You've committed no crime.
Regardless of all that,
it's still my fault.
Because I was too weak
to stop him.
I see.
Higuruma,
why did you release
your technique just now?
I wanted to return to my roots.
Itadori,
there may still be
plenty of people
who are weak and ugly like you,
wandering around out there.
Put your shirt back on
and have a seat.
I'm giving you
my hundred points.
Itadori?
[YUJI] Hmm?
Have you ever killed someone
by your own will,
and not as Sukuna?
[Yuji sighs]
I have.
I see.
Didn't it feel awful?
[♪ closing theme song playing]
[HIGURUMA] Kogane,
add a new rule.
Make possible the transfer
of points between players.
Of course, this should count
toward the "change in points"
mentioned in Rule Number Eight.
Approved. Rule added.
Rule Number Ten.
Players are able
to transfer a number of points
of their choosing
to other players in the game.
[sighs in relief]
[HIGURUMA] Kogane, give
one of my points to Itadori.
[KOGANE] As you wish.
Huh?
You have been granted
one point by Hiromi Higuruma.
[HIGURUMA] Now neither of us
will have to worry
about our techniques
being stripped for 19 days.
Take care.
[YUJI] Higuruma!
What are you planning to do now?
You could join us if you want.
We'd be stronger with your help.
[HIGURUMA]
My two remaining points
are from the judge
and prosecutor
that I killed
before coming to Tokyo.
Once the barriers open up,
I think I might turn myself in.
Until then, I'll think about
what I should do next.
Besides, if I stay with you,
I'm likely
to hate myself even more.
Sorry.
I'm not criticizing you.
See you later.
[door closes]
[MEGUMI] A new rule
will be added soon.
[KOGANE] A number of points
of their choosing
to other players.
[REGGIE]
If you don't fight to kill...
[MEGUMI] You're okay with this?!
[TAKABA] I don't want you
as my Wi-Fi! [yells]
[MEGUMI]
Hand over all your points.
Do as I say.